99 robotic mirrors continuously move throughout the day to catch the sun like sunflowers. These mirrors, arrayed across two 5 meter high towers and one 15 meter long track, each emit a beam of sunlight into a cloud of water mist. The beams are computationally aligned so that together they draw a bright circle in the air. Dependent entirely on the presence of the sun for its completion, the piece explores the possibilities and limitations of technology to capture what is out of reach, to harness nature and bring the sun down to earth. Collaborating with the natural fluctuations in the climate, Halo appears only for moments when the wind, sun, water and technology coincide, creating a form which exists between the material and immaterial.

The work incorporates diverse time scales. Attention is directed to the sun - to beyond humanity’s timeline; as the solar energy interacts with the atmosphere, the weather of the city oscillates over the month of the public exhibition; The day cycle of the sun marked by its passage of the sun across the sky whilst the mirrors move in tandem; The heat from the sun creates drives the wind which second-to-second catches the mist, chaotically carrying it into the focused sunlight, drawing the halo. The moment that Halo emerges in the air, it briefly superimposes the transience of experience with the immutability of the sun.

Halo’s open source navigation system employs Bayesian inference machine learning, which was developed in collaboration with Improbable Worlds Limited’s scientific modelling department. It is the first project where the artists worked with natural light as a material, and collaborated with the unpredictability of the weather.
